zero to 82 miles an hour in 2.3 seconds
205 feet straight up this is a 13
million dollar masterpiece
say hello to number three on our
countdown the accelerator
you'll find this high-octane ride about
22 miles out of LA at Knott's Berry Farm
you know it's America's oldest theme
park I didn't set out to be a theme park
the park actually started out as missus
not chicken dinner restaurant the Knotts
opened it up to make ends meet during
the Depression and it became so popular
they added rides for diamonds to enjoy
while they waited one thing led to
another and it started out her making a
few chicken dinners a chrome kitchen and
serving it on her wedding shine in her
living room has turned into the
production that you see behind me
you can still get her famous chicken
boysenberry pie but wait till after the
accelerator because you just might lose
it on this coaster one of the shortest
but definitely one of the most intense
roller coaster rides on earth this
roller coaster is tricked out like 1957
Shetty's except they go way faster I
think in a Chevy ever way the
accelerator is the first hydraulic
roller coaster
and it basically is like a slingshot and
it just shoots right up with compressing
nitrogen with hydraulic oil once it once
we open up valves that's what launches
you so fast it simulates a aircraft
carrier it's of course a little slower
an aircraft carrier is a bit faster
generally going from 0 to 165 in two
seconds but accelerator is almost as
fast it gets she going it's but that
that twist of the top just
if there aren't enough passengers on
board the accelerator can't launch fast
enough and will roll back No
knows when it could happen but that
surprise factor is an added kick for
accelerator France now rollback is when
the train launches but not to the
typical 82 miles an hour will roll all
the way backwards to the launch track
scares people so much it doesn't worry
me it also can't 4:8 in the rain even a
light drizzle because it will hide your
plane there's a warning sign before you
get on it says please keep your head
back at all times what does that mean if
I put my head like that it's gonna get
chopped off that's not the kind of thing
you want to see when you're about to get
on a roller coaster it would make me
think that I'm about to go to my own
execution riders welcome aboard
accelerate or we ask that you please
keep your heads back few flashes you'll
be traveling 0 to 82 my first feeling is
regret sitting in the car because I know
that I can't back out just strap you
down you've got this view of the launch
track all the way up and then you see
the lights in the corner and it's just
the scariest thing ever just seeing them
go down as soon as they clear it and go
back just a tiny bit you hear this click
and you take off
you're 200 feet in there looking
straight down you're thinking what did I
get myself into and then straight down
go vertical all the way to the ground
another twist to really really fast high
bank turns and into the magnetic brakes
at the very end you're going 15 years
going oh like your fillings fall out of
your mouth rules coming out of like if
you have a sinus infection go on that
ride because everything's actually in
your body at the end it's just it's a
crazy right 62 seconds of pure
adrenaline
certainly pack a punch punches kicks you
right in the gut that ride doesn't leave
you speechless
nothing will we agree that's why the
accelerator comes in at number three on
our top five countdown a killer coaster
you